hello lovely people of YouTube welcome
back to my channel in today's video I
will give you a great recipe for chicken
shawarma let's see the ingredients
okay so we will start by cutting our
chicken breast or Swan tally through the
middle
now we will cut into strips in this way
once we have done this we put the
chicken on this side and we start to
work on the sauce to marinate okay I'm
going to start by putting all the
peppers in a bowl I'm going to mix the
peppers first and after that I will add
the rest of the ingredients now I'm
adding the liquid ingredients first the
lemon juice with the vinegar the tomato
paste the yogurt and the olive oil I'm
adding the salt now and I'm going to mix
this
we test the sauce before we marinate the
chicken now I'm adding the chicken to
the sauce
and I mix it well
now I'm going to put it on a seed bag to
marinate it we can leave it for two
hours or we can also leave it to
marinate one night plus a good short the
step you can leave it on a ball and
cover it with some clean film or any
plastic bag just be sure that it's good
clothes good for cooking the shawarma we
put some olive oil and a pan over medium
heat and now I'm just adding the chicken
cooking time is around 6 minutes we move
it from time to time
now what I'm going to may is a typical
shawarma sandwich so I put some garlic
sauce on the bread and now I start to
put the chicken you can click the link
above the screen to see the recipe for
this garlic sauce for chicken shawarma
I'm adding some pickles into the
sandwich and now I'm just going to roll
it and I'm preparing a pan I put some
olive oil and I brush it this step is to
give a crunchy touch to the sandwich it
looks delicious
I hope you enjoyed this recipe I invite
you like always to check out my other
recipes and of course don't forget to
subscribe to my channel see you next
time bye
you